mattermost to channels updates (#4991)
mattermost/docs: source/messaging/organizing-channels.rst

Organizing Channels
====================

> The importance of organizing channels increases as Channels spreads to thousands of users. This document shares best practices from various Mattermost deployments including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The importance of organizing your conversations increases as Channels spreads to thousands of users. This document shares best practices from various Mattermost deployments including:
```

Reviewer: My reasoning behind this is to clarify what's being organized and avoid redundancy.

The importance of channel names
-------------------------------

> Channels organize communication in Mattermost Channels. When naming or renaming channels, consider the following recommendations:

Reviewer: You can name and rename your conversations in Mattermost Channels. When you're choosing names, consider the following recommendations:

> Channels organize communication in Mattermost Channels. When naming or renaming channels, consider the following recommendations:

Author: ```suggestion
You can name and rename your conversations in Mattermost Channels. When you're choosing names, consider the following recommendations:
```
